It's an important announcement today, even after long throws .
The video of my seto Koji, which has been continued since April 2010, today 2013
It has been continued for more than three and a half years of the 204 drunk in December , but today
Good
It is the opposite yield
The layer that I would like to say to you is today
Yeah it looks like
Because we will be making another game play-by-play channel as a joke
hey
ni
yeah yeah
Well, here 's where the games line up
I 8 raised I think bet that either has been found but is so game play-by-play channel
ー ー ー
Please take a look at Boo Boo Oh , thank you for your subscriptions Cheongdae
Guarantee pse If you are looking here
Please have a smartphone or tablet lure patties
Super Mario 3d Evil, who just fell a cat at Dai 4
I think I'm going to live for a while
Hey I have never slept in a game lively until now
Softening television it a little bit in this z煌上pay the channel you are viewing now
Written by
While super maria and star Kirby
I did this grand theft auto but this game
The channel is fine
Take a look at Capturelow because you are using the guy to play the game
Please
Not Well hurry known you for two It is the first one and the eyes
It's Well this is Christmas Eve today it is is but what is
I think Kaz 's several channels are shooting now
24dec the middle of the night of Kedomo I o'clock, 1
It though I think very large earthquake and subsequent Niño
Mr. Kaz is very impressed by the fact that baths etc. have been removed today
It is just yesterday it is the video of the 23rd
It was announced in Ito port that the girl is there
Well set's on Twitter towards me in that I flow Nyoro this network
Please also play with the face of the author, too, and it is said a lot .
Though we have in column
I thought it's because I'm going to talk about that for a moment
8 is I I It is a fact
After j child who you are who have always supported in the comments
Who is that
I do not have this house now
Emou does not have a lot together from the front and we will be a little in farewell
And
There is no way it's better to be with you now
Just like face it kinda is put out the do's'm well patients are
Even though I'm not able to put out a little Well up to that name so difficult
I this is that Tteyuu Shizue's times
I think you want to call
Buber in the video is better to have noticed tee come and do you think of this period Choi
But I key is kinda in f roadbed at the time of the panda bathroom of ibis meal of case
Something I was saying this or not you who is at home What do Chochoi
I'm so happy now
Follow
Shiru 's Shizue soup is also a lot from now on
That you think you are Thank you TakeYoshi
I tell you I think let's and real it is and say why say such a thing is
Though the real is still I do not think Irasshara look everyone my game play-by-play channel
In the cat game live channel I make a Super Mario movie without stepping
Hyal , but the day is late
I want to go Buber like this
One grunt Bocci
Already
I think that I want to give what was Nechotto here.
It's here, but it feels like it's a bit weird, so let's open it a little
I think I want
Let 's put away properly a good good cutter a
It 's here , isn't it?
Ah ah ah ah
Boo ba terei 20 aw wah 4 nights here same
Mold washer. Results here are this Nekapi bar Mr. guy You're here as
I Diguda are you not become pretty but I'm a little table here Network Do not matter
It Nde such feeling is shut After a moment what this side is going
I say this because I broke it
Well guess is scary to have been here in this kind of button type
It feels like this, it 's such a feeling Capybara's whole body coming
Front tree gray
It is Ja' this kind of utility that say
It's seen try to wear, but I think that can be seen is if I have already seen
It's a long time button here, but Buble
There are a lot of wasted places here
It would be what feet NeSugeｰshort
What's black here in this mind gap something
I was paid money doing Datte What what I mean to become in Well
Even if it is Mr. Hata who entered on your behalf , you still play now the top book
Taken up to everyone because the rose game play-by-play wins with channel hole of Boy
Where in this it is pure white if me by all means subscribe
It is a hero since you annotate
Chain really print people, click the description field immediately I'm me look at this Mario play-by-play
It was more than news that I 'm doing with Mr. nature
Then
This first place
Pig
dare
Ah ah ah ah
Yeah yeah yeah